Polly's Holiday
Granny and Grandpa Pig are
going on holiday.
They are bringing Polly Parrot
to Peppa's house
so Peppa and George
can look after her.
Waaa!
Hello, everyone!
Hello, Grandpa Pig!
Hello, Granny Pig!
Polly is very excited about
her holiday
with Peppa and George.
Hello, Polly.
Waa! Hello, Polly.
Polly Parrot copies everything
that is said.
What's in Polly's suitcase,
Granny?
This is Polly's food.
George, can you guess
what Polly likes to eat best?
Chocolate Cake!
Ha! No, not chocolate cake.
Polly likes birdseed.
Waa! Birdseed!
Can I feed her, Granny Pig!
Can I feed her?
Yes!
It's very important
not to give Polly too much food.
Yes, Grandpa Pig.
Grandpa,
can Polly come out of the cage?
Yes, but you must keep all
the doors and windows closed,
so Polly doesn't fly away.
Yes, Grandpa Pig.
Goodbye, Peppa. Goodbye, George.
Goodbye, Granny Pig!
Goodbye, Grandpa Pig!
Waa! Goodbye, Granny Pig!
Would you like a cup of tea?
Waa!
George has got Polly's birdseed.
George!
That is too much birdseed!
Polly will grow very big and
burst like a balloon... POP!
Waa!
Burst like a balloon. Pop!!
What's that noise?
ICE-CREAM!!
Ice-cream! Horray!
Oh dear, George has forgotten
to close the door.
Ice cream. Ice cream!
It is Miss Rabbit,
the ice cream lady.
Hello, Mummy Pig.
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
Four ice creams, please.
Thank you, Miss Rabbit!
George!
You forgot to close the door!
Polly will have flown away!
Don't worry, Peppa,
I'm sure Polly is still inside.
Polly's not here!
Oh!
Whaaaaaaaaaaa!
We've lost Polly.
Grandpa and Granny
are going to be very sad.
Maybe we should try the garden.
Look! What's that?
What has Mummy Pig seen
in the garden?
Waaa!
It's Polly! Horray!!
But Daddy, how are we going
to get Polly down from the tree?
Don't worry, Peppa,
I'll rescue Polly.
Come on, Polly.
Waaa!
Would you like a cup of tea?
Oh no, Polly has
flown higher up the tree!
OH! DEAR.
Be careful, Daddy!
Don't fall out the tree
like you always do.
Don't worry, Peppa,
I'll be very careful.
Come on, Polly.
Waa! Birseed!!!
I wonderwhere George is going?
George has got Polly's birdseed.
Polly loves to eat birdseed.
Waa!!!!
George has got Polly down
from the tree!
Horray!
What's that noise?
Daddy Pig's mobile phone
is ringing!
What? Whoa...!
Hello. Oh, Granny Pig!
Hello, Daddy Pig.
Please may I talk to Polly?
Yes, of course!
Hello, Polly.
Are you having a nice holiday?
Waa! Hello, Polly.
Are you having a nice holiday?!